README.md, before:

# Talks timeline :seedling:
This is a place to centralize all the talks that I've done and their resources. It's a great way to share and track my progress as a developer.

## Available languages
- [Brazilian Portuguese](/README-pt.md)
- English

<br>

## 2022

### [Web Analytics: tracking user events on the web](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Web%20Analytics%20-%20Tracking%20user%20events%20on%20the%20web)

> February 2022 • No video

Explaining what tracking events are, and showing how the library Web Analytics handles these events.


## 2020

### [Frontend architecture: how to scale component adaptability](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Frontend%20architecture%20-%20How%20to%20scale%20component%20adaptability)

> November 2020 • [Video](https://youtu.be/LTtcE1-RYpo) • [Live project](https://vigorous-hugle-eae992.netlify.app)

A sample application to show how to create highly customizable components with the factory pattern.


### [Thinking small: creating reusable components with Vue](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Thinking%20small%20-%20Creating%20reusable%20components%20with%20Vue)

> July 2020 • [Video](https://youtu.be/gy_JZaXBykM)

A quickly talk to show how to create small components, and how they can be highly composable into bigger ones.

Commit message:

docs: add new talk description

README.md, after:

# Talks timeline :seedling:
This is a place to centralize all the talks that I've done and their resources. It's a great way to share and track my progress as a developer.

## Available languages
- [Brazilian Portuguese](/README-pt.md)
- English

<br>

## 2022

### [Web Architecture at Warren](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Web%20Architecture%20at%20Warren)

> May 2022 • Video coming soon...

I tell a little bit about the history of the `web-platform` project, which is Warren Brasil's investment platform on the Web. The purpose of this talk is to show how the architecture organization works within this project and talk about the reasons for choosing it. I tell about previous problems that we faced, and how they used to impact the Web Chapter.


### [Web Analytics: tracking user events on the web](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Web%20Analytics%20-%20Tracking%20user%20events%20on%20the%20web)

> February 2022 • No video

Explaining what tracking events are, and showing how the library Web Analytics handles these events.


## 2020

### [Frontend architecture: how to scale component adaptability](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Frontend%20architecture%20-%20How%20to%20scale%20component%20adaptability)

> November 2020 • [Video](https://youtu.be/LTtcE1-RYpo) • [Live project](https://vigorous-hugle-eae992.netlify.app)

A sample application to show how to create highly customizable components with the factory pattern.


### [Thinking small: creating reusable components with Vue](https://github.com/emkis/Talks/tree/main/Thinking%20small%20-%20Creating%20reusable%20components%20with%20Vue)

> July 2020 • [Video](https://youtu.be/gy_JZaXBykM)

A quickly talk to show how to create small components, and how they can be highly composable into bigger ones.
